The three little pigs




Once upon a time, there were three little pigs.
One day they set off to make their fortune.
As they went down the lane, they met a man with a load of straw and the first little pig asked him for some straw to build a house.
"Of course," said the man, and he gave the little pig a big bundle of straw.
In no time at all, the little pig had built himsilf a little straw house and, with a contented grunt, he settled down inside.
The other two little pigs kept on walking. When they met a man with a cart loaded with sticks, the second little pig asked if he could have some sticks ot build himself a house.
"Of course, little pig," said the man, and he gave the little pig a bundle of sticks.
The little pig worked hard to build himself a house of sticks. When at last it was finished, he lay down inside and grunted happily.
Meanwhile, the third little pig had continued on down the road. On his way, he met a man with a barrow loaded with bricks and he thought: "It will be hard work to build a house of bricks, but it will be a very strong house." So he asked the man if he could have some bricks.
"Certainly, little pig," said the man, and together they unloaded some bricks into a pile at the side of the road.
The little pig worked hard all that day and the next. His brothers came to watch him and poked fun at him for wanting a house made of bricks. They thought it was too much hard work. But the third little pig ignored them and kept on working, until at last the house was finished.
The very next day, who should come loping along the road but the big bad wolf. When he saw the little house made of straw, he stopped and sniffed the air. He could smell the smell of young pig and he crept up to the house of straw. 
"Little pig, little pig," he called out, "let me come in."
But the little pig recognized the voice of the big bad wolf. He was so frightened he began to shake.
From inside his straw house the little pig called out: "No, no! By the hair of me chinny-chin-chin, I'll not let you in."
So the big bad wolf shouted: "Then I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your house in."
And he huffed and he puffed and the straw flew in every direction. The little pig only just managed to escape and he ran as fast as his legs would carry him to his brother's house made of sticks. Rushing inside, he cried: "Help! The big bad wolf is after me." So the second little pig slammed the door shut with a bang.
The big bad wolf loped along the road after the little pig. When he saw the house made of sticks, he stopped and sniffed the air. This time, he was sure he could smell the smell of two young pigs and, creeping up to the house made of sticks, th called out: "Little pigs, little pigs, let me come in." 
The Two little pigs shook and shivered inside the house, but they called out: "No, no! By the hair of our chinny-chin-chins, we'll not let you in."
"Then I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll bolw your house in," shouted the big bad wolf. And he huffed and he puffed, and he puffed and he huffed, until the house of sticks collapsed.
The two little pigs just managed to escape. They ran to their brother's house made of bricks. Rushing inside, they panted: "Help! The big bad wolf is after us!" So the third little pig slammed the door shut with a bang.
Soon, the big bad wolf came loping down the road. But when he came to the house made of bricks, he stopped and called out: "Little pigs, little pigs, let me come in."
The three little pigs shook and shivered inside the house, but they shouted back: "No, no! By the hair of our chinny-chin-chins, we'll not let you in!" 
"Then I'll huff and I'll puff and I'll blow your house in," shouted the big bad wolf.
So he huffed and he puffed, and th puffed and he huffed, but nothing hpappened. So he huffed and he puffed, and he puffed and he huffed again, but still nothing happened.
The exhausted wolf slund off into the woods to think of another way ot catch the three little pigs.
The three little pigs were watching the wolf through the window. When they saw him slind off the first and second little pigs cheered loudly.
"We're not safe yet," said the third little pig. "The wolf is sure to come back. Help me put water in the cooking pot and then light a fire under it."
So the three little pigs busied themselves getting the water and lighting the fire. Then they settled down to wait for the wolf.
It wasn't ling before the three little pigs heard a strange noise on the roof of the house. The wolf had decided to climb onto the roof and come down the chimney to catch the three little pigs.
But the three little pigs were ready for him. When the wolf came slipping and sliding down the chimney, he fel-Splash!-straight into the boiling water.
"Aaah!" he shrieked, and that was the end of him.
That night the three little pigs ate a delicious meal of wolf stew.
After that, the three little pigs lived happily in the brick house for many years.